#

# #Web3Weekly
## March 20-26, 2022

Since this newsletter [moved to Blogchain](), I have included a section of highlights each week culled from this platform specifically. For this edition, picking which posts to amplify in this way was easy, though reading them certainly has not been. Still, I would implore you to join me in doing so.

Of course, I'm speaking of the influx of posts this week by Ukrainians [bearing eyewitness]() to the utterly unprovoked war with Russia that's been ravaging their country. If you've logged on to Blogchain at all lately, you've certainly noticed these voices crying out.

Screenwriter [@sazonova]() has been particularly active, recounting her [tearful goodbye to her father]() as he joined the Ukrainian army and her amazement that a [full month of the awful conflict]() has already gone by.

Like many of our new Ukrainian users, she wrote in her initial post of how radically and instantly her life changed on Feb. 24 when Russia invaded:

>*<!-- 20graf quote -->*
>

<!--

There is

((Examples: Sezanova. Soldier.))

((Started with grants))((censorship resistance))

((Censorship... All of this is being... No matter what may come... It is for posterity... It cannot be erased...))

((What has ensued, first in a trickle and then in a deluge, TKTKTKT. It is raw and searing, usually with photos of both the destruction and mundane aspects of life before the war. ((Link to Masha)) Oddly, I find the latter more powerful in some ways, TKTKTKTKT))

((Examples: Masha. Vladimir. Soccery))

####What it means to us at Capsule

((Staff impetus))

((Nadim))

####9/11 TKTKTK

((Myself))

((Came out after))

((and still we kept going))

((eager to help. ))



####Echoes of World War II

((cave drawings))

I've used a lot of Google Translate this week.

Alexsandr's bio: "We live in the present, mourn for the past, and wonder about the future. This is the nature of life."

 * * *

A full rundown so far:

- **TK** []()<!-- Narratives project

- **TK** []()

- **TK** []()
- **TK** []()



<!-- Lead with Ukraine


## Blogchain highlights

In addition to the Ukraine content, TKTKTKTKT:

- **TK** []()<!-- Narratives project
- **TK** []()
- **TK** []()

## News from elsewhere

- **TK** []()
- **TK** []()
- **TK** []()

_**That’s it for now. Thanks for spending some time with #Web3Weekly today! If you would like to receive these updates in your inbox, please subscribe [here](https://w3w.news).**_

_**As ever, a quick disclaimer: This content is intended for journalistic purposes only, not as investment advice. For the latter, please DYOR and consult appropriate financial pros to make the most suitable choices for your needs.**_

_**Best wishes for a healthy and productive week ahead.**_
